So let's look at Euclidean clustering using some built-in PCL functions.
For this, we're going to be using the point processor again,
and we're going to have some documentation that allows
us to do some PCL Euclidean clustering.
It's going to be pretty similar to what we're doing
in the lesson when we're doing segmentation,
but the results of this will look like this.
Where now, we can take that obstacle Cloud,
and this is from our simulated highway environment,
and remember we had the scan of these cars,
where now we can actually identify where the cars are individually at.
So here we're coloring the cars differently.
So we have this blue car over here,
this red car over here, and this green car that was behind us in the scene,
and this will be the results that you get after
implementing the Euclidean clustering function in PCL.
So let's look at how to actually fill in this function.
So inside the point processor.cpp file,
there is a function called the clustering.
Then after you're able to implement that back in environment.cpp,
you can render the different clusters a different color.